Demos hub (#133)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demos_community.rst

 .. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

> Community

Reviewer: This page looks a bit empty. Might be good to have a placeholder image?

Reviewer: Options we have on hand include
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/93558108-de2e5380-f9bb-11ea-921b-3411d1dfcf53.png)

Reviewer: Or even something like 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/93558136-e6868e80-f9bb-11ea-9335-09726aa3d49c.png)

^ would be better as a card background, maybe something from https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/cards/ or https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/components/jumbotron/?

Author: Agree that it looks a bit empty now. Thanks for the suggestions @josh146!

Author: I added this to the other, slightly unnecessary, [community page PR](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/qml/pull/136/).

=========

.. meta::

>    :property="og:description": Discover PennyLane demonstrations created by other users; showcasing quantum machine learning and other research.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :property="og:description": PennyLane demonstrations created by the community showcasing quantum machine learning and other research.
```
